hello the internet and welcome to
another episode of the spit-take my name
is Jack O'Brien I'm the editor-in-chief
of cracked and today we're traveling
back in time to a day when a list
celebrities were less sound of body mind
and PR strategy
you weren't just allowed to smoke on
national TV you had to just to like keep
it together man because going on
late-night TV was an excuse to
experiment with drugs where the
experiment was how much can I dump in my
bloodstream before it starts to thicken
up like gravy welcome nice to see you
thank you now we're too classy to
speculate just what's going on here but
David Bowie spends 30 minutes fidgeting
sniffling and just generally inventing
everyone's go-to impression of guy who's
uncomfortably high on cocaine to be fair
to Bowie this was 12 years before the
New York Mets the NBA Draft on Hollywood
turn the year 1986 into a walking PSA
about the dangers of cocaine but it had
already turned him into Christian Bale
and The Machinist disguised as one of
the Golden Girls so should have known
something was up
oh hey speaking of people who would have
been better choices to play Willy Wonka
and Tim Burton's remake here's something
you might not know about Gene Wilder
yeah I've never gotten no pussy anywhere
until I did this movie with Gene Wilder
gene motto tracked with it that is
Richard Pryor in 1980 on the set of the
movie stir-crazy and the amount of
cocaine that renders your career a
hundred percent invincible not to be
confused with the 1980 set of bustin
loose when he believed he was physically
invincible and lit himself on fire that
was a few months later and way less
hilarious
in this clip he's just heroically
committed to not giving this interviewer
a single straight answer you want to
talk about the nose swipe and commence
the theoretically worst response you can
possibly give to tell me about the movie
sure what do you want to know
you know the name field on the front
page of the SATs that you get credit for
just spelling your name right that
answer was like drawing little dicks in
each of the boxes with your dick King
Wilder said that shit he's a faggot and
that was somehow worse can I do that
I was actually kind of tender now in
case you think I'm saying he's on
cocaine the way people who don't know
the names of drugs say you're on crack
cocaine bro Pryor actually drops a
subtle clue about his drug of choice see
if you can spot it I didn't get caught
yesterday buying seven pounds of cocaine
oh I was referring to the part at the
end where he summons a 200 year old
cowboy ghost out of the mists of time
for no reason I'm I'm being told that
being put in a headlock by a human
embodiment of your drug problem is not a
side effect of cocaine by someone who's
clearly never been as high as Richard
Pryor was in that video but it's amazing
I 3:00 in the morning like I used to be
up at 3:00 in the morning
as a rock star you know I'm saying if I
just want to fly on schedule to
controlled substances is what we'd say
if this was a promptly cancelled ABC
Family show about blowing raspberries at
people in the throes of chemical
dependency anyway here's a 2010
interview of sugar racing or mark
McGrath extolling the joys of fatherhood
at 5,000 miles per hour and it's a
little different I used to be strippers
and booze backstage now it's babies and
formula notice how McGrath pauses after
strippers to switch mental gears and
replace an unset be mystery word with
booze what could he have been thinking
bros barbecue boy whoa whoa how did all
of this trouble begin live an America
James Brown showed up to this 1988 CNN
interview wearing a visor modeled on
that of the x-men Cyclops presumably to
keep the soul beams flying out of his
head from taking down passing aircraft
you mostly content himself with shouting
the names of his own songs into the
middle distance good fathers got a
brand-new bag it's the man's world
I feel good and you sing good and make
love good oh we got that from the store
he also brags about his sexual prowess
and he punctuates his appearance by
screaming the name of CNN founder Ted
Turner over and over again like thought
you could just conjure him like
beetlejuice again we're too classy to
speculate just what's going on here but
it's PCP anyways at this point you're
probably wondering what the hell is
James Brown possibly promoting man
please say that in the argument it
resulted as a matter of fact in Brown
assaulting his wife with a lead pipe and
firing a gun at a car oh so his overall
stability as a human being not like a
completely unfathomable Testament God
who chose to possess James Brown as his
mortal vessel how does a guy with a
voice like that decide to be a singer
and succeed well it was a choice between
entertainment and a career in air
conditioning and refrigeration
hey sir I'm familiar with his music Tom
Waits is what you get if Bruce
Springsteen had spent the first 20 years
of his life locked in an attic with a
pack of wolves instead of singing about
the blue-collar American dream wait
sings about drifters and the stories you
witness firsthand when you hang out at
an abandoned gas station after midnight
despite composing the wire theme song
and performing the almost
confrontationally bad version that
opened every episode of the underrated
second season waits his greatest
contribution to the human arts actually
came back in 1979 when he got so fucked
up that he accidentally invented Heath
Ledger's performance as the Joker from
The Dark Knight 27 years too soon
I feel like I'm at my grandmother's
you're starting to sweat I'm also big in
Philadelphia I worry primarily about
whether there are nightclubs in heaven
we got an answer yet sorry yeah she put
the button patch so is the Joker
secretly a shithouse Tom wait Heath
Ledger was born the year waits film that
interview and died at 28 because
prescription drugs still drugs too let's
truck this up to cosmic coincidence the
important thing to remember is that no
matter how brilliant your body of work
you take enough drugs millions of people
might one day remember you as the guy
from YouTube hey guys thanks for
watching the video that you just watched
whatever that might be
be sure to subscribe to our channel for
more of that if you have already
subscribed comment on the video and say
you liked it don't say you didn't like
it and be mean and click like and check
out our playlists
they've got videos